Stop for me
Fu Yanling, you are so brave
How dare you bring this woman into my door?
She is your daughter-in-law
What's wrong with me taking her home?
daughter-in-law
As long as I live
I would never have admitted his identity
Get out of here right now
Let's go
Stop
Xia Meng
Aunt Su
Yanli, your marriage partner is Xia Meng
Yeah, what's wrong?
It took half a day
The little white face who married Xia Meng turned out to be my son
Xia Meng, come and sit on the sofa, okay?
Hurry up and do it
Mengmengsu Aunt Butler serves fruit
Dream to eat fruit
Thank you, Aunt Su
What's wrong with my mom?
You ask me, she's your mother, not mine.
Mengmeng, you have married into our Su family
It doesn't seem appropriate to call my aunt again
Should you call me mom?
Why don't you want to?
Mom
Hahaha, come on, give the bride price.